How much does a rainbow weigh?
Not much - they're pretty light!


Q: what do you do if you break your arm in two places?
A: don't go back to those places.


Past, present, and future walked into a bar.... It was tense


A programmer's significant other tells him, "While you're at the grocery store, buy some eggs." He never comes back.

Someone told me I was average earlier - that was mean


My mum said to me: "What rhymes with orange?" and I said... "no it doesn't!"

A ghost walks into a bar and asks for a glass of vodka but the bar tender says, “sorry we don’t serve spirits here"


They laughed when I said I wanted to be a comedian – they’re not laughing now.




My psychiatrist says I have an unhealthy obsession with revenge. We’ll see about that…

My therapist told me I have problems with verbalising my emotions. Can’t say I’m suprised

My teachers told me I’d never amount to much since I procrastinate so much. I told them, “Just you wait!”

Why do pirates not know the alphabet? They always get stuck at "C".

What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter.



I decided to sell my Hoover… well it was just collecting dust.

My boss told me that she was going to fire the person with the worst posture.
I have a hunch it's going to be me

Where do you find a cow with no legs?  
Where you left it.

Why are egyptian mummys scared of taking time off? They're afraid to unwind.

When the programmer finally understood asymptotic notation, it was a big “Oh” moment

I was wondering why the frisbee kept looking bigger and bigger, and then it hit me

I waited all night to see where the sun would rise...and then it dawned on me

I used to hate facial hair but then it grew on me.

Why do dogs race to the door when the doorbell rings? It's almost never for THEM!

I’ve been thinking about taking up meditation.
I figure it’s better than sitting around doing nothing

Why can’t you send a duck to space? Because the bill would be astronomical.

The world tongue-twister champion just got arrested. I hear they’re gonna give him a really tough sentence



Knock knock. Who’s there? Déja. Déja who? Knock knock.

I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now.

I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.

What do you call a typo on a headstone? A grave mistake.










My new sweater had a problem with static so I returned it. They gave me a new one free of charge.

I asked the surgeon if I could administer my own anaesthetic, they said: go ahead, knock yourself out.

My son is studying to be a surgeon, I just hope he makes the cut.

This guy is driving to work when he gets a call from his partner: "be very careful honey, I've been listening to the radio and they say that there's a maniac driving the wrong way on the motorway!" and the guy says "One maniac?! There are HUNDREDS of them!"

Why did the cowboy get a daschund?
Someone told him to get along little doggie.

I once tried painting the sky ... But I blue it.

Doctor, there's a new patient who says he's invisible.  
Well, tell him i can't see him right now!

Doctor, help! I'm shrinking!
Well, sorry, you'll just have to be a little patient!

What do you give sick birds? Tweetment

Why do ghosts go to the pub? For the booze.

My sister bet me £10 that I couldn't build a car out of spaghetti. You should have seen the look on her face as I drove pasta.

Horse walks into a bar:
several people leave recognising the inherent danger of the situation.

I wish I could clean mirrors for a living.
It's just something I can see myself doing.

The doctor asks the nurse about the patient who ate ten pennies. The nurse said: "There's been no change yet".

Why do astronauts only use Mac OS and Linux? Because they can't open windows!

i lost my job at the m&m factory - i got in trouble for removing all the W's

did you hear there was a kidnapping at the school?
it's ok, he's woken up now!

I needed a password eight characters long so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs

What's red and smells like paint?
red paint

what's blue and not very heavy?
light blue

Why did Dracula lie in the wrong coffin? He made a grave mistake.

The inventor of the umbrella was going to call it a brella, but he hesistated.

if apple made a car what would be missing? windows!

What do sprinters eat before they race. Nothing - they fast.

People are making apocalypse jokes like there’s no tomorrow

Jokes about communism are not funny unless everyone gets them.

I’ve got an excellent joke about construction but I still need to work on it...

I have a good joke about UDP, but you might not get it.

Did you hear the joke about the airplane?
Never mind, it's way over your head.

Want to hear a chimney joke? Got stacks of em! (First one's on the house)

Do you know the secret about butter?
Never mind, I shouldn't spread it!

Did you hear about the woman who invented knock knock jokes?
She won the Nobel prize.

My first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience. The second time let me down.

spanish magician: i will disappear
uno dos.. he left without a tres/trace

What did the shy pebble wish for?  
That she was a little boulder.

Why did the man fall down the well? Because he didn't see that well!

Someone has glued my pack of cards together - I don't know how to deal with it.

I once hired a limo but when it arrived, the guy driving it walked off!
I said "Excuse me? Are you not going to drive me?"
The guy told me that the price didn't include a driver…
… so I'd spent £400 on a limo and had nothing to chauffeur it!

I made a belt out of watches once.
It was a waist of time.

To whoever stole my Microsoft Office - you're going to pay - you have my Word

To the person who stole my place in the queue. I’m after you now.

A ham sandwich walks into a bar.
The barman says: sorry, you'll have to leave. We don't serve food here.

A ghost walks into a bar and asks for a shot of vodka
The barman says: sorry we don't serve spirits

I took the shell off my racing snail to make it go faster, but now it's a bit sluggish.

Why do seagulls fly over the sea?  
Because if they flew over the bay they'd be bagels

What kind of bagel can fly? A plain bagel

Written only: "No matter how kind you are, german kids are kinder."

How does one train hear the other train coming?  
With its engineers (engine-ears)

Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The p is silent.

Where does the queen keep her armies?  
Up her sleevies.

What is a witch's favourite subject in school? Spelling!

What has more lives than a cat?
A frog, because it croaks every night.

What did one plate say to the other plate? Dinner is on me!

What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.

My sea sickness comes in waves.

Camping is intense

How do you know if a vampire is sick?
by how much he is coffin

Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? Dunno, they're just a bit shady.

I tried to sue the airport for misplacing my luggage
I lost my case!

Why do birds fly south for the winter? Because it's too far to walk.

Why does the nurse bring a red pen to work?
In case she needs to draw blood!

Why can't your nose be 12 inches long?
Because then it would be a foot

which athlete stays the warmest in winter?
the long jumper

Why do ducks make great detectives? They always quack the case.

What do you feed an invisible cat!
Evaporated milk

What's made of leather and sneezes?
A shoe! (Achoo)

Waiter, waiter, this coffee tastes like mud!
Yes sir, it's fresh ground!

What did the coffee say to the milk?
It's hard for me to espresso myself but I love you a latte!

20 dogs were stolen from a pet shop.
Police say there were no leads.

How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb?
Two. One to hold the giraffe, the other to fill the bath with brightly coloured power-tools.

How many bones are in the human hand?
A handful!

Why do bees have sticky hair?
They use honeycombs

What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic?
About half way.

What do you get if you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?

What cheese do you use to hide a horse?
Mascarpone!

What cheese do you use to get a bear out of a cave?  
Come on bear!

What cheese can never be yours?
Nacho cheese!

What's the difference between God and a doctor?
God knows he's not a doctor.

What's the difference between ignorance and apathy?
I don't know and I don't care!

waiter waiter, there's a stick in my soup
Hold on sir, I'll get the branch manager.

Waiter, waiter, will my pizza be long?
No sir, it will be round!

What's the problem with twin witches?
You can't tell which witch is which?

A man walked out of Asda, throwing eggs, milk, and cheese all over the place.
I thought: how dare he! (How dairy!)

A man in the supermarket threw cheese at me
how mature

Me and my husband were happy for 20 years! Then we met.

Did you hear about the mathematician who’s afraid of negative numbers?
He’ll stop at nothing to avoid them

What’s the best thing about Switzerland?
I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.

A woman in labor suddenly shouted, “Shouldn’t! Wouldn’t! Couldn’t! Didn’t! Can’t!”
“Don’t worry,” said the doc. “Those are just contractions.”

Where are average things manufactured?
The satisfactory.

Why did the scarecrow get a promotion?
He was outstanding in his field.

What kind of exercise do lazy people do?
Diddly-squats.

What do you do if you see a space man?  
Park in it, man!

A Scotsman and his wife walked past a swanky new restaurant. "Did you smell that food?" she asked. "It's smells absolutely incredible!"  
Being a 'kind-hearted Scotsman', he thought, "What the heck, I'll treat her!"  
So, they walked past it again.

What are two things dinosaurs can't have for dinner?
Breakfast, and Lunch.

Have you ever tried eating a clock? It's very time-consuming.

What did the cannibal Doctor do with his patients?
He cured them.

You know what I love? The rotation of the earth! It really makes my day! (Ba boom!)

What go you get if you cross an apple's circumference with its diameter?
Apple Pi.

What's the best present for a musician?
A broken drum - you can't beat it!

I accidentally swallowed a lot of scrabble tiles!
My next trip to the bathroom could spell disaster!
(That would be a "vowel movement"!)

Why does Wally always wear stripes?
Because he doesn't want to be spotted!

What's a frog's favourite drink?
Croakacola

What has 8 arms and tells time?
A clocktopus!

Who's the coolest person in the hospital?
The ultrasound guy.
What about on his day off?
The hip replacement guy.

Riddle: What gets wetter as it dries?
A towel!

Riddle: What loses its head every morning, but gets it back every night?
A pillow.

"Never Apologise! Never Explain!" – Sorry, that’s my motto

What was Bethoven's favourite fruit?

Ba-na-na-NA!

I hate Russian dolls. They're so full of themselves.

What's the difference between in-laws and outlaws?
Outlaws are wanted.

How do you get a baby astronaut to sleep?
You rock it. (rocket)

How many opticians does it take to change a lightbulb?
Is it one or two? One... or two?

I wonder what a walrus vampire would look like... - demetri Martin

I wonder if leopards look trashy to other animals? - demetri Martin

How many tickles does it take to make an Octopus laugh?
A: Ten-tickles

Some people think it's romantic to carve their names on trees in the park while on a date.
I'm more worried about why they're bringing a knife on their date.

How do you get two whales in a car?
Start in England and drive west.

Why can't a tyrannosaurus clap? It's extinct!

Which side of a chicken has more feathers? The outside!

What is the cutest season? Awww-tumn

What type of dog is best at magic tricks?
A labracadabrador!

There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it got changed.  
Because no-one crosses Chuck Norris and lives!

Do you know what an owl's favourite hip hop group is?
Whoot tang clan.

What's bruce lee's favourite drink?
wataaaa!

Q: Why did the American Football coach shake the vending machine?
A: Because he wanted a quarter back.

Who are the most decent people in the hospital? The ultrasound people.
What about when he's on holiday? The hip-replacement guy.

Did you hear about the guy whose entire left side got chopped off?
He's alright now.

I used to be a banker but I lost interest.

Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to stupid's house.
Knock Knock! Who's there? Chicken. Chicken who? ...

Did you hear about the hungry clock?
It went back four seconds.

Q: what do vegetarian zombies crave?
A: GRAAAIINNNNSSS!!


What has four wheels and flies?
A garbage truck.

I've found a job helping a one-armed typist do capital letters.
It's shift work.

I've just been fired from the clock-making factory...
after all those extra hours I put in!

I just got fired from a florist, apparently I took too many leaves.

I work in an elevator. It has its ups and downs...

I got kicked out of the conga festival. I don't blame them - I was way out of line.

I lost my job at the m&m factory for throwing out all the w's.

I once got fired from orange-squash factory. Apparently I couldn’t concentrate.

Did you hear about the human canonball? First day on the job, he was fired!

Whatever you do, always give 100%.
Unless you are donating blood

Q: How do you think the unthinkable?  
A: With an itheberg!

Groucho Marx: “I’ve had a wonderful time! ... But this wasn’t it.”

Did you hear about the German pessimist who hates sausage?
They say he fears the wurst.

"Crime in multi-storey car parks. That is wrong on so many different levels."

Knock, knock. Who’s there? Interrupting pirate! Interrup… ARRRRRRRRRR!

What's long, brown, and sticky? A stick.

What's E.T. short for? Because he's only got little legs.

How many narcissists does it take to change a lightbulb?

Just one. All he has to do is hold it in place while the world revolves around him.

Why are pirates? Because they arrrrrr!

Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.

"I was watching the London Marathon and saw one runner dressed as a chicken and another runner dressed as an egg. I thought: 'This could be interesting'."

Went to my allotment and found that there was twice as much soil as there was the week before. The plot thickens.

What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.

Did you hear about the cross eyed teacher? She couldn't control her pupils.

How does the moon cut his hair?
'Eclipse it.

What did the fish say when it swam into a wall?  
Dam!

What do you call a fish with no eyes? 
A fsh

What do you call a deer with no eyes? 
no idea

What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? 
still no idea

What do you call a pig with three eyes? 
Piiig

Why did the chicken get hit by a truck?
To get to the other side
